readme.md, before:

# PDQ to go!
> The old good PDQ on web!

I was dreaming one day to be able to do back of the envelope scalability calculations. Like if i provision faster CPUs, or run 2 nodes side by side, or maybe sharding, or how much headroom is left. Now YOU can, use [PDQtoGO](http://pdqtogo.com)!

<img src="docs/gopdq-demo.gif" alt="Schema" style="max-width:100%;"/>

## Run locally

OS X & Linux & Windows:

```sh
docker pull i95north/pdqtogo:latest
```

## Development setup

The develpment environment is intentionally boring. As long as you have docker running then `it should just work`

```sh
// rebuild
sh scripts/rebuild-continer.sh

// this how you run it in development mode
sh scripts/run-bash-it.sh

// run it like in prod
sh scripts/run-it.sh

// run in prod
sh docker run -d -p 80:8080 i95north/pdqtogo:latest
```

## Contributing

1. Fork it (<https://github.com/i95north/pdqtogo/fork>)
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/fooBar`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some fooBar'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/fooBar`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

## Authors

* **Ruslan Rusu** - *Initial work* 

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

## Acknowledgments

* [Neil Gunther, @DrQz](https://twitter.com/DrQz)

Commit message:

prepare to add more interpertters

readme.md, after:

# PDQ to go!
> Can I have it with fires ?

I was dreaming one day to be able to do back of the envelope scalability calculations. Like if i provision faster CPUs, or run 2 nodes side by side, or maybe sharding, or how much headroom is left. 

Later I discvered the oustanding work Neil Gunter did - `PDQ: *Pretty Damn Quick* Performance Analyzer`. Read more on author's wesite [What is PDQ?](http://www.perfdynamics.com/Tools/PDQ.html). There you can get the binaries and run it yourself. It comes in different flavours perl, r, python,c. 

This projects packages all PDQ goodies for web, demo [PDQtoGO](http://pdqtogo.com)!



<img src="docs/gopdq-demo.gif" alt="Schema" style="max-width:100%;"/>

## Run locally

OS X & Linux & Windows:

```sh
docker pull i95north/pdqtogo:latest
```

## Development setup

The develpment environment is intentionally boring. As long as you have docker running then `it should just work`

```sh
// rebuild
sh scripts/rebuild-continer.sh

// this how you run it in development mode
sh scripts/run-bash-it.sh

// run it like in prod
sh scripts/run-it.sh

// run in prod
sh docker run -d -p 80:8080 i95north/pdqtogo:latest
```

## Contributing

1. Fork it (<https://github.com/i95north/pdqtogo/fork>)
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/fooBar`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some fooBar'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/fooBar`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

## Authors

* **Ruslan Rusu** - *Initial work* 

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

## Acknowledgments

* [Neil Gunther, @DrQz](https://twitter.com/DrQz)
